 

Faculty of Science -University of Ruhuna 

Invention & Innovation Exhibition 2015 

 

 

Organizing committee 

 

Chairperson 

Dr. J.A.P. Bodhika 

Department of Physics 

 

Advisors 

Prof. W.G.D. Dharmarathna 

Prof. Ms. K.K.A.S. Yapa 

Department of Physics 

 

Members 

Prof. E. P. S. Chandana 

Department of Zoology 

 

 

Mr. E.M. Ranathunga 

Department of Physics 

 

Mr. S.S. Abewickrama 

Department of Physics 

 

Dr. L. W. Somathilaka 

Department of Mathematics 

 

 

Dr. K. K. U. G. Hemamali 
Department of Botany 

 

Dr. Samantha Ranaweera 

Department of Chemistry 

 

Mr. Kasun Wijeweera 

Department of Computer 
Science 

 

Ms. J.K.P. Dilrukshika 

Assistant Director (Science) 

Provincial Education 
Department (Southern) 

 

Contact Details 

Dr. J.A.P. Bodhika, 

Chairperson/ Invention & 
Innovation Exhibition 2015, 

Department of Physics, 

Faculty of Science, 

University of Ruhuna, 

Matara, 

Sri Lanka. 


Tel: 
0716033089/0773979309 

Email: jbodhika@phy.ruh.ac.lk 

Home page: 

http://www.physics.ruh.ac.lk/IIE 

20.11.2015 

 

All winners/participants IIE-2015 

 

Awarding ceremony IIE-2015 

 

First of all, on behalf of the organizing committee I wish to extend my sincere thanks 
you all for the valuable contribution made for the success of the IIE-2015. Names and 
details of all winners and merit awardees are attached herewith. 

 

The awarding ceremony of Invention & Innovation exhibition-2015 will be held on 
30th of November 2015, 2.00 pm onward at the FMST auditorium. The chief guest of 
the ceremony is Vice Chancellor, University of Ruhuna. Mr. A.H. Piyasiri, Deputy 
Director General, NERD Centre will deliver a motivation speech to inventors during 
the ceremony. The other invited guests are Deputy Vice Chancellor, Deans of Faculty 
of Science, FMST and Faculty of graduate studies and Educational Director, southern 
province. 

 

All winners and merit awardees are invited to the awarding ceremony to receive your 
awards. Participation certificates for others can be collected from dean’s office. All 
winners and merit awardees under school category will also attend the ceremony to 
receive their awards. 

 

Dress code – European (blazer not essential) 

 Casual wear not allowed 

 

If you have any problem in attending pls contact me. 

 

 

 

Dr. J.A.P. Bodhika, 

Chairperson/ Invention & Innovation Exhibition 2015. 




 

 




 


